src/docs/sdks/appentitlementuserbinding/README.md, before:

# appEntitlementUserBinding

### Available Operations

* [listAppUsersForIdentityWithGrant](#listappusersforidentitywithgrant) - List App Users For Identity With Grant

## listAppUsersForIdentityWithGrant

Invokes the c1.api.app.v1.AppEntitlementUserBindingService.ListAppUsersForIdentityWithGrant method.

### Example Usage

```typescript
import { ConductoroneSDKTypescript } from "conductorone-sdk-typescript";
import {
  C1ApiAppV1AppEntitlementUserBindingServiceListAppUsersForIdentityWithGrantResponse,
} from "conductorone-sdk-typescript/dist/sdk/models/operations";

const sdk = new ConductoroneSDKTypescript({
  security: {
    oauth: "",
  },
});

sdk.appEntitlementUserBinding.listAppUsersForIdentityWithGrant({
  appEntitlementId: "ad",
  appId: "natus",
  identityUserId: "sed",
}).then((res: C1ApiAppV1AppEntitlementUserBindingServiceListAppUsersForIdentityWithGrantResponse) => {
  if (res.statusCode == 200) {
    // handle response
  }
});
```

### Parameters

| Parameter                                                                                                                                                                                                    | Type                                                                                                                                                                                                         | Required                                                                                                                                                                                                     | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `request`                                                                                                                                                                                                    | [operations.C1ApiAppV1AppEntitlementUserBindingServiceListAppUsersForIdentityWithGrantRequest](../../models/operations/c1apiappv1appentitlementuserbindingservicelistappusersforidentitywithgrantrequest.md) | :heavy_check_mark:                                                                                                                                                                                           | The request object to use for the request.                                                                                                                                                                   |
| `config`                                                                                                                                                                                                     | [AxiosRequestConfig](https://axios-http.com/docs/req_config)                                                                                                                                                 | :heavy_minus_sign:                                                                                                                                                                                           | Available config options for making requests.                                                                                                                                                                |


### Response

**Promise<[operations.C1ApiAppV1AppEntitlementUserBindingServiceListAppUsersForIdentityWithGrantResponse](../../models/operations/c1apiappv1appentitlementuserbindingservicelistappusersforidentitywithgrantresponse.md)>**

Commit message:

Regenerate SDK with latest openapi spec.

src/docs/sdks/appentitlementuserbinding/README.md, after:

# appEntitlementUserBinding

### Available Operations

* [listAppUsersForIdentityWithGrant](#listappusersforidentitywithgrant) - List App Users For Identity With Grant

## listAppUsersForIdentityWithGrant

 Returns a list of app users for the identity in the app. If that app user also has a grant to the entitlement from the request, data about the grant is also returned. It will always return ALL app users for this identity, but only SOME may have grant data.


### Example Usage

```typescript
import { ConductoroneSDKTypescript } from "conductorone-sdk-typescript";
import {
  C1ApiAppV1AppEntitlementUserBindingServiceListAppUsersForIdentityWithGrantResponse,
} from "conductorone-sdk-typescript/dist/sdk/models/operations";

const sdk = new ConductoroneSDKTypescript({
  security: {
    oauth: "",
  },
});

sdk.appEntitlementUserBinding.listAppUsersForIdentityWithGrant({
  appEntitlementId: "ad",
  appId: "natus",
  identityUserId: "sed",
}).then((res: C1ApiAppV1AppEntitlementUserBindingServiceListAppUsersForIdentityWithGrantResponse) => {
  if (res.statusCode == 200) {
    // handle response
  }
});
```

### Parameters

| Parameter                                                                                                                                                                                                    | Type                                                                                                                                                                                                         | Required                                                                                                                                                                                                     | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `request`                                                                                                                                                                                                    | [operations.C1ApiAppV1AppEntitlementUserBindingServiceListAppUsersForIdentityWithGrantRequest](../../models/operations/c1apiappv1appentitlementuserbindingservicelistappusersforidentitywithgrantrequest.md) | :heavy_check_mark:                                                                                                                                                                                           | The request object to use for the request.                                                                                                                                                                   |
| `config`                                                                                                                                                                                                     | [AxiosRequestConfig](https://axios-http.com/docs/req_config)                                                                                                                                                 | :heavy_minus_sign:                                                                                                                                                                                           | Available config options for making requests.                                                                                                                                                                |


### Response

**Promise<[operations.C1ApiAppV1AppEntitlementUserBindingServiceListAppUsersForIdentityWithGrantResponse](../../models/operations/c1apiappv1appentitlementuserbindingservicelistappusersforidentitywithgrantresponse.md)>**
