src/docs/models/operations/c1apidirectoryv1directoryservicegetresponse.md, before:

# C1ApiDirectoryV1DirectoryServiceGetResponse


## Fields

| Field                                                                                    | Type                                                                                     | Required                                                                                 | Description                                                                              |
| ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `contentType`                                                                            | *string*                                                                                 | :heavy_check_mark:                                                                       | N/A                                                                                      |
| `directoryServiceGetResponse`                                                            | [shared.DirectoryServiceGetResponse](../../models/shared/directoryservicegetresponse.md) | :heavy_minus_sign:                                                                       | Successful response                                                                      |
| `statusCode`                                                                             | *number*                                                                                 | :heavy_check_mark:                                                                       | N/A                                                                                      |
| `rawResponse`                                                                            | [AxiosResponse>](https://axios-http.com/docs/res_schema)                                 | :heavy_minus_sign:                                                                       | N/A                                                                                      |

Commit message:

Regenerate SDK with latest openapi spec.

src/docs/models/operations/c1apidirectoryv1directoryservicegetresponse.md, after:

# C1ApiDirectoryV1DirectoryServiceGetResponse


## Fields

| Field                                                                                                                                                                                                               | Type                                                                                                                                                                                                                | Required                                                                                                                                                                                                            | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `contentType`                                                                                                                                                                                                       | *string*                                                                                                                                                                                                            | :heavy_check_mark:                                                                                                                                                                                                  | N/A                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| `directoryServiceGetResponse`                                                                                                                                                                                       | [shared.DirectoryServiceGetResponse](../../models/shared/directoryservicegetresponse.md)                                                                                                                            | :heavy_minus_sign:                                                                                                                                                                                                  |  The Directory Service Get Response returns a directory view with a directory and JSONPATHs indicating the<br/> location in the expanded array that items are expanded as indicated by the expand mask in the request.<br/> |
| `statusCode`                                                                                                                                                                                                        | *number*                                                                                                                                                                                                            | :heavy_check_mark:                                                                                                                                                                                                  | N/A                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| `rawResponse`                                                                                                                                                                                                       | [AxiosResponse>](https://axios-http.com/docs/res_schema)                                                                                                                                                            | :heavy_minus_sign:                                                                                                                                                                                                  | N/A                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
