src/docs/models/shared/appreportservicelistresponse.md, before:

# AppReportServiceListResponse

The AppReportServiceListResponse message.


## Fields

| Field                                                               | Type                                                                | Required                                                            | Description                                                         |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `list`                                                              | [AppPopulationReport](../../models/shared/apppopulationreport.md)[] | :heavy_minus_sign:                                                  | The list field.                                                     |
| `nextPageToken`                                                     | *string*                                                            | :heavy_minus_sign:                                                  | The nextPageToken field.                                            |

Commit message:

Regenerate SDK with latest openapi spec. (#6)

src/docs/models/shared/appreportservicelistresponse.md, after:

# AppReportServiceListResponse

 The AppReportServiceListResponse message contains a list of results and a nextPageToken if applicable.



## Fields

| Field                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | Type                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | Required                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |
| -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `list`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             | [AppPopulationReport](../../models/shared/apppopulationreport.md)[]                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                | :heavy_minus_sign:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |  The list of results containing up to X results, where X is the page size defined in the request.<br/>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
| `nextPageToken`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | *string*                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           | :heavy_minus_sign:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |  The nextPageToken is shown for the next page if the number of results is larger than the max page size.<br/> The server returns one page of results and the nextPageToken until all results are retreived.<br/> To retrieve the next page, use the same request and append a pageToken field with the value of nextPageToken shown on the previous page.<br/> |
