src/docs/models/shared/connectorcredential.md, before:

# ConnectorCredential

The ConnectorCredential message.


## Fields

| Field                                                                                         | Type                                                                                          | Required                                                                                      | Description                                                                                   |
| --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `appId`                                                                                       | *string*                                                                                      | :heavy_minus_sign:                                                                            | The appId field.                                                                              |
| `clientId`                                                                                    | *string*                                                                                      | :heavy_minus_sign:                                                                            | The clientId field.                                                                           |
| `connectorId`                                                                                 | *string*                                                                                      | :heavy_minus_sign:                                                                            | The connectorId field.                                                                        |
| `createdAt`                                                                                   | [Date](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Date) | :heavy_minus_sign:                                                                            | N/A                                                                                           |
| `deletedAt`                                                                                   | [Date](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Date) | :heavy_minus_sign:                                                                            | N/A                                                                                           |
| `displayName`                                                                                 | *string*                                                                                      | :heavy_minus_sign:                                                                            | The displayName field.                                                                        |
| `expiresTime`                                                                                 | [Date](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Date) | :heavy_minus_sign:                                                                            | N/A                                                                                           |
| `id`                                                                                          | *string*                                                                                      | :heavy_minus_sign:                                                                            | The id field.                                                                                 |
| `lastUsedAt`                                                                                  | [Date](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Date) | :heavy_minus_sign:                                                                            | N/A                                                                                           |
| `updatedAt`                                                                                   | [Date](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Date) | :heavy_minus_sign:                                                                            | N/A                                                                                           |

Commit message:

Regenerate SDK with latest openapi spec.

src/docs/models/shared/connectorcredential.md, after:

# ConnectorCredential

 ConnectorCredential is used by a connector to authenticate with conductor one.



## Fields

| Field                                                                                         | Type                                                                                          | Required                                                                                      | Description                                                                                   |
| --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `appId`                                                                                       | *string*                                                                                      | :heavy_minus_sign:                                                                            |  The appId of the app the connector is attached to.<br/>                                      |
| `clientId`                                                                                    | *string*                                                                                      | :heavy_minus_sign:                                                                            |  The client id of the ConnectorCredential.<br/>                                               |
| `connectorId`                                                                                 | *string*                                                                                      | :heavy_minus_sign:                                                                            |  The connectorId of the connector the credential is associated with.<br/>                     |
| `createdAt`                                                                                   | [Date](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Date) | :heavy_minus_sign:                                                                            | N/A                                                                                           |
| `deletedAt`                                                                                   | [Date](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Date) | :heavy_minus_sign:                                                                            | N/A                                                                                           |
| `displayName`                                                                                 | *string*                                                                                      | :heavy_minus_sign:                                                                            |  The display name of the ConnectorCredential.<br/>                                            |
| `expiresTime`                                                                                 | [Date](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Date) | :heavy_minus_sign:                                                                            | N/A                                                                                           |
| `id`                                                                                          | *string*                                                                                      | :heavy_minus_sign:                                                                            |  The id of the ConnectorCredential.<br/>                                                      |
| `lastUsedAt`                                                                                  | [Date](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Date) | :heavy_minus_sign:                                                                            | N/A                                                                                           |
| `updatedAt`                                                                                   | [Date](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Date) | :heavy_minus_sign:                                                                            | N/A                                                                                           |
