src/docs/models/shared/connectorservicerotatecredentialresponse.md, before:

# ConnectorServiceRotateCredentialResponse

The ConnectorServiceRotateCredentialResponse message.


## Fields

| Field                                                             | Type                                                              | Required                                                          | Description                                                       |
| ----------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `connectorCredential`                                             | [ConnectorCredential](../../models/shared/connectorcredential.md) | :heavy_minus_sign:                                                | The ConnectorCredential message.                                  |
| `clientSecret`                                                    | *string*                                                          | :heavy_minus_sign:                                                | The clientSecret field.                                           |

Commit message:

Regenerate SDK with latest openapi spec.

src/docs/models/shared/connectorservicerotatecredentialresponse.md, after:

# ConnectorServiceRotateCredentialResponse

 ConnectorServiceRotateCredentialResponse is the response returned by the rotate method.



## Fields

| Field                                                                            | Type                                                                             | Required                                                                         | Description                                                                      |
| -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `connectorCredential`                                                            | [ConnectorCredential](../../models/shared/connectorcredential.md)                | :heavy_minus_sign:                                                               |  ConnectorCredential is used by a connector to authenticate with conductor one.<br/> |
| `clientSecret`                                                                   | *string*                                                                         | :heavy_minus_sign:                                                               |  The new clientSecret returned after rotating the connector credential.<br/>     |
