src/docs/models/shared/directory.md, before:

# Directory

The Directory message.


## Fields

| Field                                                                                         | Type                                                                                          | Required                                                                                      | Description                                                                                   |
| --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `appId`                                                                                       | *string*                                                                                      | :heavy_minus_sign:                                                                            | The appId field.                                                                              |
| `createdAt`                                                                                   | [Date](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Date) | :heavy_minus_sign:                                                                            | N/A                                                                                           |
| `deletedAt`                                                                                   | [Date](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Date) | :heavy_minus_sign:                                                                            | N/A                                                                                           |
| `updatedAt`                                                                                   | [Date](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Date) | :heavy_minus_sign:                                                                            | N/A                                                                                           |

Commit message:

Regenerate SDK with latest openapi spec.

src/docs/models/shared/directory.md, after:

# Directory

 This object indicates that an app is also a directory.



## Fields

| Field                                                                                         | Type                                                                                          | Required                                                                                      | Description                                                                                   |
| --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `appId`                                                                                       | *string*                                                                                      | :heavy_minus_sign:                                                                            |  The ID of the app associated with the directory.<br/>                                        |
| `createdAt`                                                                                   | [Date](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Date) | :heavy_minus_sign:                                                                            | N/A                                                                                           |
| `deletedAt`                                                                                   | [Date](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Date) | :heavy_minus_sign:                                                                            | N/A                                                                                           |
| `updatedAt`                                                                                   | [Date](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Date) | :heavy_minus_sign:                                                                            | N/A                                                                                           |
