src/docs/models/shared/oauth2authorizedas.md, before:

# OAuth2AuthorizedAs

The OAuth2AuthorizedAs message.


## Fields

| Field                                                                                         | Type                                                                                          | Required                                                                                      | Description                                                                                   |
| --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `authEmail`                                                                                   | *string*                                                                                      | :heavy_minus_sign:                                                                            | The authEmail field.                                                                          |
| `authorizedAt`                                                                                | [Date](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Date) | :heavy_minus_sign:                                                                            | N/A                                                                                           |

Commit message:

Regenerate SDK with latest openapi spec.

src/docs/models/shared/oauth2authorizedas.md, after:

# OAuth2AuthorizedAs

 OAuth2AuthorizedAs tracks the user that OAuthed with the connector.



## Fields

| Field                                                                                         | Type                                                                                          | Required                                                                                      | Description                                                                                   |
| --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `authEmail`                                                                                   | *string*                                                                                      | :heavy_minus_sign:                                                                            |  authEmail is the email of the user that authorized the connector using OAuth.<br/>           |
| `authorizedAt`                                                                                | [Date](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Date) | :heavy_minus_sign:                                                                            | N/A                                                                                           |
