src/docs/models/shared/requestcatalogmanagementservicegetresponse.md, before:

# RequestCatalogManagementServiceGetResponse

The RequestCatalogManagementServiceGetResponse message.


## Fields

| Field                                                           | Type                                                            | Required                                                        | Description                                                     |
| --------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `requestCatalogView`                                            | [RequestCatalogView](../../models/shared/requestcatalogview.md) | :heavy_minus_sign:                                              | The RequestCatalogView message.                                 |
| `expanded`                                                      | Record<string, *any*>[]                                         | :heavy_minus_sign:                                              | The expanded field.                                             |

Commit message:

Regenerate SDK with latest openapi spec.

src/docs/models/shared/requestcatalogmanagementservicegetresponse.md, after:

# RequestCatalogManagementServiceGetResponse

 The request catalog management service get response returns a request catalog view with the expanded items in the expanded array indicated by the expand mask in the request.



## Fields

| Field                                                                                                                      | Type                                                                                                                       | Required                                                                                                                   | Description                                                                                                                |
| -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `requestCatalogView`                                                                                                       | [RequestCatalogView](../../models/shared/requestcatalogview.md)                                                            | :heavy_minus_sign:                                                                                                         |  The request catalog view contains the serialized request catalog and paths to objects referenced by the request catalog.<br/> |
| `expanded`                                                                                                                 | Record<string, *any*>[]                                                                                                    | :heavy_minus_sign:                                                                                                         |  List of serialized related objects.<br/>                                                                                  |
