src/docs/models/shared/tasksearchresponse.md, before:

# TaskSearchResponse

The TaskSearchResponse message.


## Fields

| Field                                         | Type                                          | Required                                      | Description                                   |
| --------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------- |
| `expanded`                                    | Record<string, *any*>[]                       | :heavy_minus_sign:                            | The expanded field.                           |
| `list`                                        | [TaskView](../../models/shared/taskview.md)[] | :heavy_minus_sign:                            | The list field.                               |
| `nextPageToken`                               | *string*                                      | :heavy_minus_sign:                            | The nextPageToken field.                      |

Commit message:

Regenerate SDK with latest openapi spec.

src/docs/models/shared/tasksearchresponse.md, after:

# TaskSearchResponse

 The TaskSearchResponse message contains a list of results and a nextPageToken if applicable.



## Fields

| Field                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | Type                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | Required                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |
| -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `expanded`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         | Record<string, *any*>[]                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            | :heavy_minus_sign:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |  The list of results containing up to X results, where X is the page size defined in the request.<br/>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
| `list`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             | [TaskView](../../models/shared/taskview.md)[]                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      | :heavy_minus_sign:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |  List of serialized related objects.<br/>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
| `nextPageToken`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | *string*                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           | :heavy_minus_sign:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |  The nextPageToken is shown for the next page if the number of results is larger than the max page size.<br/> The server returns one page of results and the nextPageToken until all results are retreived.<br/> To retrieve the next page, use the same request and append a pageToken field with the value of nextPageToken shown on the previous page.<br/> |
