docs/models/shared/searchappresourcetypesrequest.md, before:

# SearchAppResourceTypesRequest

The SearchAppResourceTypesRequest message.


## Fields

| Field                                  | Type                                   | Required                               | Description                            |
| -------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------- |
| `appIds`                               | *string*[]                             | :heavy_minus_sign:                     | The appIds field.                      |
| `excludeResourceTypeIds`               | *string*[]                             | :heavy_minus_sign:                     | The excludeResourceTypeIds field.      |
| `excludeResourceTypeTraitIds`          | *string*[]                             | :heavy_minus_sign:                     | The excludeResourceTypeTraitIds field. |
| `pageSize`                             | *number*                               | :heavy_minus_sign:                     | The pageSize field.                    |
| `pageToken`                            | *string*                               | :heavy_minus_sign:                     | The pageToken field.                   |
| `query`                                | *string*                               | :heavy_minus_sign:                     | The query field.                       |
| `resourceTypeIds`                      | *string*[]                             | :heavy_minus_sign:                     | The resourceTypeIds field.             |
| `resourceTypeTraitIds`                 | *string*[]                             | :heavy_minus_sign:                     | The resourceTypeTraitIds field.        |

Commit message:

Regenerate SDK from new openapi.yaml.

docs/models/shared/searchappresourcetypesrequest.md, after:

# SearchAppResourceTypesRequest

 The SearchAppResourceTypesRequest message.



## Fields

| Field                                                           | Type                                                            | Required                                                        | Description                                                     |
| --------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `appIds`                                                        | *string*[]                                                      | :heavy_minus_sign:                                              |  A list of app IDs to restrict the search by.<br/>              |
| `excludeResourceTypeIds`                                        | *string*[]                                                      | :heavy_minus_sign:                                              |  A list of resource type IDs to exclude from the search.<br/>   |
| `excludeResourceTypeTraitIds`                                   | *string*[]                                                      | :heavy_minus_sign:                                              |  A list of resource type trait IDs to exclude from the search.<br/> |
| `pageSize`                                                      | *number*                                                        | :heavy_minus_sign:                                              | The pageSize field.                                             |
| `pageToken`                                                     | *string*                                                        | :heavy_minus_sign:                                              | The pageToken field.                                            |
| `query`                                                         | *string*                                                        | :heavy_minus_sign:                                              |  Fuzzy search the display name of resource types.<br/>          |
| `resourceTypeIds`                                               | *string*[]                                                      | :heavy_minus_sign:                                              |  A list of resource type IDs to restrict the search by.<br/>    |
| `resourceTypeTraitIds`                                          | *string*[]                                                      | :heavy_minus_sign:                                              |  A list of resource type trait IDs to restrict the search by.<br/> |
